README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim/blob/main/.assets/kosmikoa.jpg"kosmikoa""/></a></p>

# Kosmikoa

> Colors scheme for Neovim

<p align="center"><img src="https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim/blob/main/.assets/lua.png"lua""/></a></p>

## Requirements

-   Neovim > 0.5
-   [Tree-sitter][] - Not obligatory but **highly recommended**
-   [Polyglot][] - Optional, you could look at what plugins they use for
    the languages you like though

[polyglot]: https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot
[tree-sitter]: https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter

## Install

Use your favorite plugin manager

`e.g.` [packer.nvim][]

```lua
use {
    'https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim',
    -- you can require it directly here
    config = function()
        require'kosmikoa'.setup()
    end,
}

```

`e.g.` [vim-plug][]

    Plug 'https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim'

[packer.nvim]: https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim
[vim-plug]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug

## Usage

    lua require 'kosmikoa'.setup()

or

    colorscheme kosmikoa

## Config

> Code below is written in `lua`

If you want to change a color you can use something like this:

```lua
require'kosmikoa'.setup {
    colors = {
        base00 = '#000000',
        blue03 = '#00ffff',
    }
}

```

Default colors:

```lua
local colors = {
    base00 = '#23222b',
    base01 = '#474557',
    base02 = '#59566d',
    base03 = '#6b6883',
    base04 = '#7e7b97',
    base05 = '#9491a8',
    base06 = '#a9a7b9',
    base07 = '#bfbdcb',
    base08 = '#d4d3dc',
    base09 = '#eae9ee',

    pink00   = '#fc65b0',
    pink01   = '#e862ac',
    pink02   = '#e980bb',
    pink03   = '#e98fc2',
    pink04   = '#ea9fc9',
    pink05   = '#ebafd0',
    pink06   = '#ebbfd8',

    yellow00 = '#e8ec77',
    yellow01 = '#eed87a',
    yellow02 = '#eeda88',
    yellow03 = '#efdd96',
    yellow04 = '#f2f4b3',
    yellow05 = '#efe3b3',
    yellow06 = '#eee5c1',

    blue00   = '#57bbf4',
    blue01   = '#69b6e6',
    blue02   = '#78bce7',
    blue03   = '#89c3e9',
    blue04   = '#9acaea',
    blue05   = '#aad1ea',
    blue06   = '#bad8eb',

    err       = '#ec5382',

    green00   = '#62e89e',
    green01   = '#7fe792',
    green02   = '#74dfb9',
    green03   = '#2fe5b5',

    orange00  = '#f08c89',
    orange01  = '#f09895',
    orange02  = '#efa4a2',
    orange03  = '#efb1af',
    orange04  = '#efbdbb',
    orange05  = '#eec9c7',

    magenta00 = '#be8fde',
    magenta01 = '#c49be0',
    magenta02 = '#caa7e2',

    cyan00    = '#00cfd0',
}

```

## Support

### Languages

-   All maintained `Tree-sitter` parsers

-   c/c++
-   clojure
-   css
-   fennel
-   go
-   html5
-   javascript
-   json
-   jsx
-   less
-   log
-   lua
-   markdown
-   moonscript
-   nim
-   python
-   rust
-   scss
-   sh
-   toml
-   typescript
-   xml
-   yaml
-   zig

### Plugins

A lot of plugins should be good if they link colors to defaults _neovim_
groups

-   [Gitsigns.nvim][]
-   [Hop][]
-   [Lspsaga][]
-   [Signify][]
-   [Telescope][]
-   Tree-sitter modules
    -   [Nvim-ts-rainbow][]
    -   [Nvim-treesitter-refactor][]
    -   [Treesitter-playground][]
-   [Which-key][]

[gitsigns.nvim]: https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim
[hop]: https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim
[lspsaga]: https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim
[signify]: http//github.com/mhinz/vim-signify
[telescope]: https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim
[nvim-ts-rainbow]: https://github.com/p00f/nvim-ts-rainbow
[nvim-treesitter-refactor]: https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-refactor
[treesitter-playground]: https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground
[which-key]: https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key

# Contributing

> The main repo is at [sr.ht][] use it in priority.

Send patches or question using [git send-email][] to my [public inbox][]
[~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht][] with project prefix set to
`kosmikoa.nvim`

```
git config sendemail.to "~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht"
git config format.subjectPrefix "PATCH kosmikoa.nvim"
```

Or if you're on [Github][] use Github interface

Format the code with [LuaFormatter][]

I mostly use `c`, `zig`, `lua` and `sh` so if you want to improve other
languages feel free to send a patch or a request so I can look a it.

[sr.ht]: https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim
[git send-email]: https://git-send-email.io
[public inbox]: https://lists.sr.ht/~novakane/public-inbox
[~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht]: mailto:~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht
[github]: https://github.com/novakne/kosmikoa.nvim
[luaformatter]: https://github.com/Koihik/LuaFormatter

# License

**[MIT][]**

[mit]: LICENSE

Commit message:

README: add a link to kosmikoa-extras

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim/blob/main/.assets/kosmikoa.jpg"kosmikoa""/></a></p>

# Kosmikoa

> Colors scheme for Neovim

<p align="center"><img src="https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim/blob/main/.assets/lua.png"lua""/></a></p>

## Requirements

-   Neovim > 0.5
-   [Tree-sitter][] - Not obligatory but **highly recommended**
-   [Polyglot][] - Optional, you could look at what plugins they use for
    the languages you like though

> Have a look at [kosmikoa-extras][] for config for terminal and other tools

[polyglot]: https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot
[tree-sitter]: https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter
[kosmikoa-extras]: https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa-extras

## Install

Use your favorite plugin manager

`e.g.` [packer.nvim][]

```lua
use {
    'https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim',
    -- you can require it directly here
    config = function()
        require'kosmikoa'.setup()
    end,
}

```

`e.g.` [vim-plug][]

    Plug 'https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim'

[packer.nvim]: https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim
[vim-plug]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug

## Usage

    lua require 'kosmikoa'.setup()

or

    colorscheme kosmikoa

## Config

> Code below is written in `lua`

If you want to change a color you can use something like this:

```lua
require'kosmikoa'.setup {
    colors = {
        base00 = '#000000',
        blue03 = '#00ffff',
    }
}

```

Default colors:

```lua
local colors = {
    base00 = '#23222b',
    base01 = '#474557',
    base02 = '#59566d',
    base03 = '#6b6883',
    base04 = '#7e7b97',
    base05 = '#9491a8',
    base06 = '#a9a7b9',
    base07 = '#bfbdcb',
    base08 = '#d4d3dc',
    base09 = '#eae9ee',

    pink00   = '#fc65b0',
    pink01   = '#e862ac',
    pink02   = '#e980bb',
    pink03   = '#e98fc2',
    pink04   = '#ea9fc9',
    pink05   = '#ebafd0',
    pink06   = '#ebbfd8',

    yellow00 = '#e8ec77',
    yellow01 = '#eed87a',
    yellow02 = '#eeda88',
    yellow03 = '#efdd96',
    yellow04 = '#f2f4b3',
    yellow05 = '#efe3b3',
    yellow06 = '#eee5c1',

    blue00   = '#57bbf4',
    blue01   = '#69b6e6',
    blue02   = '#78bce7',
    blue03   = '#89c3e9',
    blue04   = '#9acaea',
    blue05   = '#aad1ea',
    blue06   = '#bad8eb',

    err       = '#ec5382',

    green00   = '#62e89e',
    green01   = '#7fe792',
    green02   = '#74dfb9',
    green03   = '#2fe5b5',

    orange00  = '#f08c89',
    orange01  = '#f09895',
    orange02  = '#efa4a2',
    orange03  = '#efb1af',
    orange04  = '#efbdbb',
    orange05  = '#eec9c7',

    magenta00 = '#be8fde',
    magenta01 = '#c49be0',
    magenta02 = '#caa7e2',

    cyan00    = '#00cfd0',
}

```

## Support

### Languages

-   All maintained `Tree-sitter` parsers

-   c/c++
-   clojure
-   css
-   fennel
-   go
-   html5
-   javascript
-   json
-   jsx
-   less
-   log
-   lua
-   markdown
-   moonscript
-   nim
-   python
-   rust
-   scss
-   sh
-   toml
-   typescript
-   xml
-   yaml
-   zig

### Plugins

A lot of plugins should be good if they link colors to defaults _neovim_
groups

-   [Gitsigns.nvim][]
-   [Hop][]
-   [Lspsaga][]
-   [Signify][]
-   [Telescope][]
-   Tree-sitter modules
    -   [Nvim-ts-rainbow][]
    -   [Nvim-treesitter-refactor][]
    -   [Treesitter-playground][]
-   [Which-key][]

[gitsigns.nvim]: https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim
[hop]: https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim
[lspsaga]: https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim
[signify]: http//github.com/mhinz/vim-signify
[telescope]: https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim
[nvim-ts-rainbow]: https://github.com/p00f/nvim-ts-rainbow
[nvim-treesitter-refactor]: https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-refactor
[treesitter-playground]: https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/playground
[which-key]: https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key

# Contributing

> The main repo is at [sr.ht][] use it in priority.

Send patches or question using [git send-email][] to my [public inbox][]
[~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht][] with project prefix set to
`kosmikoa.nvim`

```
git config sendemail.to "~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht"
git config format.subjectPrefix "PATCH kosmikoa.nvim"
```

Or if you're on [Github][] use Github interface

Format the code with [LuaFormatter][]

I mostly use `c`, `zig`, `lua` and `sh` so if you want to improve other
languages feel free to send a patch or a request so I can look a it.

[sr.ht]: https://git.sr.ht/~novakane/kosmikoa.nvim
[git send-email]: https://git-send-email.io
[public inbox]: https://lists.sr.ht/~novakane/public-inbox
[~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht]: mailto:~novakane/public-inbox@lists.sr.ht
[github]: https://github.com/novakne/kosmikoa.nvim
[luaformatter]: https://github.com/Koihik/LuaFormatter

# License

**[MIT][]**

[mit]: LICENSE
